CSC60 3 - ruthann biel
CSC130 3 - you can take cook again 
CSC131 3 - this one uh i have to check
ANTH 1 - Introduction to Biological Anthropology 35176 3


how to return participants without having to wait so long. Why is search taking so long?
pagination


<script>
Doing the attendee thing, We can make it work like marvin
fetchable, if there are more search results to get, by searching 1 more, then it sets the variable,
How it knows when to get the next page, then it searches again using the scrollID from the last search which was passed back.
Will search from there from a certain amount.

Things go wrong, index was updated while doing a search.

We will change the expanding to only fetch the data for up to the page size so that we don't need to get all the participants
when expanding. If there are 40000 particiapnts, we want to fetch 100, and fetch 100 more if they press the next page.

front end empty waiting / attendee list

All old meetings dead you asked for it
</script>

what is cross referencing mean -> get stuff from es and compare user node ids, and also go through dynamo db 
1. search stuff using es parameters, gives back stuff including user node ids store in ||eSData||
2. get matching results from meeting_id from dymano and we return the dynamoData that have matching ids in eSData (cus dynamoData has more fields)

how it's actually done (with pagination)

if first time searching:
1. search 100* results in es, return 100 attendees AND if it hasNextPage 
2. get all results from meeting_id from dynamo, then 

need separate page buttons for watiing and attendees, 

Search works as before, it's just really slow because there's not pagination, so if you only want the search to work,
then it already does. But for it to be faster, need pagination.


Also there is an issue because ES does not have iswaiting field like dynamo, so we can't fetch the attendees and weaitingroom separately
in an efficient way.
	-The inefficient way is we search for 100 and compare the dynamodb ones by checking the ids, and if they are waiting room, then dont remove it from result list.
	And then search again for (100 - matching_result_count)
instead of implementing this difficult and time consuming code, it makes much more sense that ES has a isWaitingRoom field

also as i was working on it, the es stopped working and gave me sockettimeout errors for 3-4 hours, i'm not sure why that was happening but
it wasn't working for Hong's es searches too.


i learned a lot from this, but i can confidently say that the chances of breaking the deadline in the future is slim to none.
from now on, when given a big task, i will determine how to implement from the start. then i can ask about how certain systems work, to see if my plan is possible, and i can
give a much better esimation of when i can complete the task.

